# Lu Archives
Lu Archives are separated into 14 topics according to the virtues and vices. There is also a speculated 3rd topic aside from virtues and vices, but it has never been seen or found. They were originally inspired and systematized as such due to their relevant ability to accurately pinpoint which Lu one would have the most affinity for a practitioner.

For the [[Sin Type Archives]], the most compatible Lu Archive is always the Sin that the user is furthest away from. It is speculated that it is such because of the innate intrigue generated by something that is unknown, and all Lu practitioners must have some sort of drive towards it in order to be able to practice it, as it is heavily riddled with books and a search for knowledge. For [[Sin Type Archives]] the thought is that most are interested in seeking out a vice due to a desire to protect oneself from it or be able to identify it in their life. The reason they might have the worst affinity with their closest [[Sin Type Archives|Sin Type Archive]] is theorized to be because of denial and not wanting to confront their negative side.

Conversely, for the [[Virtue Type Archives]], one is most compatible with the Virtue the user is closest to. For [[Virtue Type Archives]], it is thought that one has greater affinity for a Virtue that is closest to them is because they want more of it in their life and are more than willing to accept it and implement more of it into their life.

| Sin Type                       | Virtue Type                       | ??? Type      |
|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------|---------------|
| Tolaan/Luxuria (Desire)        | Voteivo/Sobrietas (Sobriety)      | ???/??? (???) |
| Kah/Superbia (Pride)           | Bonaarom/Humilis (Humility)       | ???/??? (???) |
| Seinraan/Acedia (Listlessness) | Drem/Concordia (Harmony)          | ???/??? (???) |
| Bah/Ira (Wrath)                | Prem/Patientia (Patience)         | ???/??? (???) |
| Tarvok/Avaritia (Greed)        | Heyv/Operatio (Diligence)         | ???/??? (???) |
| Kovir/Gula (Gluttony)          | Forahgol/Temperantia (Temperance) | ???/??? (???) |
| Miizun/Invidia (Envy)          | Nox/Gratia (Gratitude)            | ???/??? (???) |

In that sense, [[Sin Type Archives]] are always contradictory to the user, as they make them do what they would never do in their life otherwise.

Another notable difference between the [[Sin Type Archives|Sin Type]] and [[Virtue Type Archives|Virtue Type]] is that [[Virtue Type Archives|Virtue Types]] tend to have [[Thema|Themas]] of 'weaker' influence over the Zaak in terms of how they are implemented. That is to say, [[Sin Type Archives|Sin Type]] [[Thema]] Lu commands tend to overwrite the Zaak with the method of an Iron Fist, while [[Virtue Type Archives|Virtue Type]] seems to be of a gentler nature.

One application related difference between the [[Sin Type Archives|Sin Type]] and [[Virtue Type Archives]] is that [[Sin Type Archives]] tend to focus on the outside of self, whilst [[Virtue Type Archives|Virtue Types]] tend to focus on the internal of the self. This mostly manifests in the form of 'who' or 'what' the [[Thema|Themas]] affect. 

Having low affinity for an Archive doesn't mean one cannot learn [[Thema|Themas]] from it. It just means it will take a significantly higher amount of time to master a [[Thema]] from that Archive.